lndir-grafted(1) -- lndir alternative that graft symbolic links
========

## SYNOPSIS

`lndir-grafted`
[`--graft` <FROMBASEDIR> <TOBASEDIR>]
[`--no-default-grafting`]
[`--mkdir-command` <MKDIR_COMMAND>]
[`--symlink-command` <SYMLINK_COMMAND>]
[`--readlink-command` <READLINK_COMMAND>]
<FROMDIR> <TODIR><br>

## DESCRIPTION

**lndir-grafted** creates a shadow directory of symbolic links
referencing the content of the source directory (<FROMDIR>) as lndir(1) does,
but treat the symbolic links inside the <FROMDIR> specially
by replacing the target prefixing the <FROMDIR> path to the path of <TODIR>.

Note for <FROMDIR> and <TODIR>:

*	Both paths should be absolute.

*	If there is a leading hyphen ("-my/path"), it should be escaped ("\\-my/path").

*	No extra trailing path delimiter is expected. Use "/my/path" instead of "/my/path/".

## OPTIONS

Non-flag arguments <FROMDIR> and <TODIR> are required:

*	FROMDIR the directory to reference.

*	TODIR the mirroring directory
	where sub-directories and symbolic links will be created.

Arguments to show the help message:

*	`--help`:
	Display the help message.

Arguments that specify custom grafting:

*	`--graft` <FROMBASEDIR> <TOBASEDIR>:
	Graft symbolic link from <FROMBASEDIR> to <TOBASEDIR>
	If <FROMDIR> contains a symbolic link whose target path
	starts with the <FROMBASEDIR>,
	that part will be replaced with <TOBASEDIR>.

	This parameter can be specified multiple times.

	By default, a trailing `--graft` <FROMDIR> <TODIR> is assumed.

*	`--no-default-grafting`:
	Opt out the assumed trailing `--graft` <FROMDIR> <TODIR>.

Arguments that specify the commands to use:

*	`--mkdir-command` <MKDIR_COMMAND>:
	Specify the command to create a directory by
	$MKDIR_COMMAND path/to/directory
	Default to "mkdir".

*	`--symlink-command` <SYMLINK_COMMAND>:
	Specify the command to create a symbolic link by
	$SYMLINK_COMMAND "symlink/target" "path/to/symlink"
	Default to "ln -s"

*	`--readlink-command` <READLINK_COMMAND>:
	Specify the command to read a symbolic link by
	$READLINK_COMMAND "path/to/symlink"
	Default to "readlink"

## EXAMPLES

Simple demostration inside /dev/shm:

```
$ tree /dev/shm/fromdir
/dev/shm/fromdir
└── test_dir
    ├── tes_link1 -> /dev/shm/fromdir/test_dir/test_file
    ├── test_file
    └── test_link2 -> ./test_file

1 directory, 3 files

$ mkdir /dev/shm/todir
$ lndir-grafted /dev/shm/fromdir /dev/shm/todir
$ tree /dev/shm/todir
/dev/shm/todir
└── test_dir
    ├── tes_link1 -> /dev/shm/todir/test_dir/test_file
    ├── test_file -> /dev/shm/fromdir/test_dir/test_file
    └── test_link2 -> ./test_file

1 directory, 3 files

```

## SEE ALSO

lndir(1), ln(1)
